# February 1, 2021

## Productionalize product data adapter

****\<\<Start email from Dan\>\>****

We need to start out with the `Productionalize card` before we start working on the orchestration calls. I’m thinking you all can start working on this card. Normal challenges are at play, how to divy up the work and not overwrite each other’s changes. We do need to _perform comprehensive testing_ for this so Arshad can start on test cases.  

I think you all can use the meeting I scheduled at 9:45 to devise a plan of attack... I’m gonna bail as I’ve got some other things I need to dive into, but as always, let me know if you have any questions along the way.

Card: 567339 Productionalize API - add logging, error handling, standards

Make PMM import api production ready.

- Logging (App insights - need resource group) (I’m not sure what needs to be configured for App Insights, but if someone knows lets talk about it as a team) 
- Logging to splunk happens as part of the framework. We just need to create a new event log source…remember Brian? [Register Event Log Source (meijer.com)](http://apps.meijer.com/EventLogSrcReg/default.aspx)
- Exception Handling
- Simple Validations (analyze the code to determine appropriate validations needed; ties into unit tests)
- Naming Conventions (review Microsoft standards and make any adjustments needed)
- Unit Tests (coverage percentage 50%)
- Reference clean-up
- plan on 5 new endpoints (splitting the lumper) (tbd: not sure if we know what calls need to be split out yet; further discussion needed)

**\<\<End email from Dan\>\>**

- [ ] Casepack Data Adapter
  - [ ] Unit Tests
  - [ ] Naming Conventions
  - [ ] Add logging
- [ ] GTIN Data Adapter
  - [ ] Unit Tests
  - [ ] Naming Conventions
  - [ ] Add logging
