# March 16, 2021

- [ ] Exceeding expectations
- [ ] Rework card

---

## Daily Writing

This is my first entry! I don't know what I should write about though. Lately I've been pretty unfocused at work. I feel like there's a challenge to create something for others and make money from it. I can't figure out why I'm so obsessed with the idea of owning something or making a product/service for others.

I ate a doughnut this morning. Sour cream. They go great with coffee. Diedrick wanted to go to Sprinkles lol. He even got a doughnut with sprinkles on it!

Hannah is an awesome wife. She takes care of Diedrick and Rhett every. single. day. I don't know if I would be able to do what she does every day. I don't do the best that I can at my day job either though. I'm so easily distracted when I'm not interested in the work. Why do I get so disinterested though? Sometimes when I force myself to work on the problems, I end up getting really focused for a bit. Eventually though, I wander back to searching for information about building my own company. Or implementing a new technology.

- Raspberry Pi
- npm package
- databases
- scripts
- Javascript instead of C#

Something about the ability to run code in the browser appeals to me. Open source code bases appeal to me. Talking with other people out there is interesting. I like to engage with people. But I think I might just be searching affirmation? There's clearly something that I think I'm missing in my work. I have been having a difficult time getting excited about the problems my employer wants me to solve.

I'm good at getting things started. Finishing things and tying up all the loose ends is where I struggle. Maybe there's a job where I get people going and encourage them to do the rest? I do like programming and getting things to work together though. I also struggle to stay focused with the white-collar work. Physical jobs were easier for me to stay engaged with because my mind could wander without affecting the work I was doing.

Working directly with other people also afforded a level of accountability that I don't have when I'm working alone at home. Even working in person at Gentex on different PCs allowed me to get distracted too easily. When there's access to the answers of my ever-present questions, I gravitate toward the search bar. I'm paralyzed by the access to information. When I'm disconnect, it's easy to stay focused because I can't get lost down some bunny trail of hyperlinks and random topics.

Avoiding this kind of distraction is difficult. Do I need a different way of handling it? I've tried blocking distracting sites, but I'll never block them all. The web is filled with endless distractions. Is there a better way to time-box the distraction? That would require discipline. The best way to avoid distractions is to remove them. How can I remove the distractions when I often use the internet to get guidance when I'm stuck on a programming problem? Maybe I don't actually use those sites that often when I'm working for Meijer though. Most of the time, I understand the programming aspect and just need help with specific questions relating to information mapping or other Meijer things.

I also can try writing on paper more. When I see a piece of paper, I want to make it look elegant and I get paralyzed. Nothing gets written down. Nothing gets done. Would I rather get things done or have a beautiful, albeit empty, notebook? In the long run, getting things done will be much more fulfilling.

Writing will never be proprietary. If I have a writing utensil and paper, I can write whatever I want to. That is the kind of access I want to see in software. No proprietary compilers. No proprietary file types. Everyone building on what others have done before them. Truly standing on the shoulders of giants, not just the people within your company.

Microsoft is very proprietary. Google is proprietary. Most large tech corporations believe that they need to keep secrets to make their money. A majority of people won't compile their own binaries or host their own software. But opening access to how it's done can benefit everyone who knows how to build. Rather than duplicating work, we could all share findings and ACTUALLY stand on each other's shoulders, regardless of the company we work for. How can I work toward that at Meijer? Do I need to consider leaving Meijer to push that forward? Is it something I am making to be a bigger deal than it really is? I'll continue to explore these things.
